---
id: "aspose-words-for-cpp-24-8-release-notes"
slug: "aspose-words-for-cpp-24-8-release-notes"
linktitle: "Aspose.Words for C++ 24.8 Release Notes"
title: "Aspose.Words for C++ 24.8 Release Notes"
weight: 35
description: "Aspose.Words for C++ 24.8 Release Notes – the latest updates and fixes."
type: "repository"
layout: "release"
hideChildren: false
toc: false
family_listing_page_title: "Aspose.Words for C++ 24.8 Release Notes"
menuItemWithNoContent: false
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes for [Aspose.Words for C++ 24.8](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aspose.Words.Cpp/24.8.0).

{{% /alert %}}

## Major Features

There are 51 improvements and fixes in this regular monthly release. The most notable are:

- **Chart Customization:** Precise control over chart axis tick label orientation and rotation.
- **Font Management:** Expanded font information with EmbeddingLicensingRights property.
- **Document Structure:** Efficiently clear section headers and footers while preserving watermarks.
- **Format Compatibility:** Improved HTML and XAML export with backward compatibility for backslash and yen sign.
- **PDF Functionality:** Enhanced PDF export with support for using SDT tags as form field names.
- **Document Conversion:** Introduced a new LowCode.Converter class, designed to provide a set of methods for converting various types of documents with a single line of code.
- **Digital Signatures:** Enabled digital signing of XPS documents using XpsSaveOptions.

## Full List of Issues Covering all Changes in this Release

{{% alert color="secondary" %}}
<details><summary>Expand to view the full list of reported issues.</summary>

Here is the cleaned list without task identifiers, task types, and vertical slashes:

Here's the modified list with the identifiers, types of tasks, and vertical slashes removed:

1. Provide a way to specify UpdateCreatedTimeProperty,UpdateLastPrintedProperty and UpdateLastSavedTimeProperty options while using Document.RenderToSize and Document.RenderToScale methods
2. Add property to specify axis labels orientation
3. Add property to specify axis labels rotation
4. Consider using Title or Tag of SDT as a name of form field in PDF
5. Export control form tag or alias as form ID in PDF
6. Consider adding an option into Section.ClearHeadersFooters to keep watermarks
7. Implement low-code public API for direct conversion between fixed page formats
8. Provide an option to check "Print and Preview" flag for fonts embedded into document
9. Support watermarks in output XSLX documents
10. Implement Bibliography edit API
11. Provide Table.ConvertToText method in Aspose.Words
12. Section breaks move to the next page and create blank pages when converting to PDF
13. Providing sign document option in XpsSaveOptions
14. Text positioning issue in list after converting PDF to DOCX
15. Extra spaces between "THE" and "REGULAR".
16. Incorrect wrapping boundaries reported for a text box with auto width
17. InvalidOperationException is thrown upon comparing document
18. EQ field is rendered improperly
19. Incorrect korean backslash symbol after converting to PDF
20. Extra page while document saving to PDF
21. Barcode generated by CustomBarcodeGenerator example has incorrect size
22. Unneeded footnote continuation notice on conversion to PDF
23. Remove obsolete API from IStructuredDocumentTag
24. Table row `w14:paraId` are duplicated after cloning row
25. Second level items are not included in TOC
26. Delta symbol in OfficeMath is rendered as missed character
27. horizontal axis labels are rendered improperly after building report
28. Italic text in OfficeMath is rendered as regular
29. Incorrect font for Chinese characters inside SDT on conversion to PDF
30. FileCorruptedException while loading mht files
31. Style of footnote mark is lost after open/save RTF document
32. Chart axis crossing value changed after re-saving
33. Wrong layout when converting particular DOC to PDF
34. pdf-online tool reports that PDF produced by Aspose.Words does not conform PDF 1.7 spec
35. Reference to the Microsoft Forms 2.0 Object Library is lost after setting SourceCode
36. Export to XLSX produces document with broken tables layout which can not be re-saved
37. Chinese characters are rendered as missed characters
38. Comment discrepancies after mapping
39. Form fields are not updated after calling Document.UpdateFields
40. Skatter chart is rendered improperly
41. EQ-field matrix. Incorrect height
42. Image loss after converting PDF to DOCX
43. Axis boundaries are incorrect after building report
44. Converting DOCX to RTF text disappears
45. Bookmarks are not preserved in HtmlFixed
46. Incorrect text wrapping when converting RTF to PDF
47. Hyperlink Breakage in Aspose.Words PDF Conversion
48. Wrong content alignment after conversion to HTML
49. Skype SILK is detected by Aspose.Words as TXT
50. Improve export of paragraphs with borders to HTML with embedded CSS
51. Provide syntax analysis of text inside Html to auto-detect encoding

</details>
{{% /alert %}}

## Public API and Backward Incompatible Changes

This section lists public API changes that were introduced in Aspose.Words 24.8. It includes not only new and obsoleted public methods, but also a description of any changes in the behavior behind the scenes in Aspose.Words which may affect existing code. Any behavior introduced that could be seen as regression and modifies the existing behavior is especially important and is documented here.

## Limitations and API Differences

Aspose.Words for C++ has some differences as compared to its equivalent .NET version of the API. This section contains information about all such functionality that is not available in the current release. The missing features will be added in future releases.

- The current release does not support Metered license.
- The current release does not support LINQ and Reporting features.
- The current release does not support OpenGL 3D Shapes rendering.
- The current release does not support loading PDF documents.
- The current release has limited support for database features - C++ doesn't have common API for DB like .NET System.Data.
- The current release supports Microsoft Visual C++ version 2019 or higher.
- The current release supports Clang 3.9.1 or higher on Linux and only for the x86_x64 platform.
- The current release supports macOS Monterey or later (12.0+) for 64-bit Intel Mac platform.
