---
id: "aspose-cells-for-node-js-via-java-25-12-release-notes"
slug: "aspose-cells-for-node-js-via-java-25-12-release-notes"
linktitle: "Aspose.Cells for Node.js via Java 25.12 Release Notes"
title: "Aspose.Cells for Node.js via Java 25.12 Release Notes"
weight: 1
description: "Aspose.Cells for Node.js via Java 25.12 Release Notes – the latest enhancements, new features, and fixes."
type: "repository"
layout: "release"
family_listing_page_title: "Aspose.Cells for Node.js via Java 25.12 Release Notes"
keywords: "Aspose.Cells for Node.js via Java 25.12 Release Notes, Aspose.Cells for Node.js via Java 25.12 updates and fixes"
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes for [Aspose.Cells for Node.js via Java 25.12](https://releases.aspose.com/cells/nodejs/new-releases/aspose.cells-for-node.js-via-java-25.12/).

{{% /alert %}}

|**Key**|**Summary**|**Category**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|CELLSJAVA-46535|Could not handle JSON array as Single cell for Smart Markers in CSV/XLSX using Aspose.Cells|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46537|Support smart expression as variable of another smart expression|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46530|Horizontal smart marker parameter does not shift right smart marker.|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46534|Unsupported token for Array when using if condition in smart markers|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46539|Invalid detail sheet if smart detail worksheet is not the first|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46540|Process the smart markers after smart detail worksheet|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46541|Null Exception is thrown if DetailSheetNewName is omitted|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46572|Support PERCENTOF function|New Feature
|CELLSJAVA-46556|Support AES-128 for pdf encryption|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46576|Support xref stream in the generated pdf|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46561|The data bars are missing when the HTML file (generated by Aspose.Cells) is inserted into an empty Word document via Aspose.Words for Java|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46562|Exception occurred when saving file to html and calling formula calculation|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46573|CellsException occurs when saving file to pdf|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46550|Exception "The custom criteria of auto filter could not be null" when loading the saved SpreadsheetML file via Aspose.Cells' object model|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46559|Loading the converted SpreadsheetML file causes an exception "Invalid column index"|Exception


## **Public API and Backwards Incompatible Changes**

The following is a list of any changes made to the public API such as added, renamed, removed or deprecated members as well as any non-backward compatible change made to Aspose.Cells for Java. If you have concerns about any change listed, please raise it on the Aspose.Cells support forum.

### **Adds PivotField.IsValuesField property and obsoletes PivotField.IsValueFields property.**

Use PivotField.IsValuesField property instead.

### **Adds PivotTable.ValuesField property and obsoletes PivotTable.DataField property.**

Use PivotTable.ValuesField property instead.

### **Adds CustomProperty.BinaryValue property.**

Gets the binary value of worksheet custom property.

### **Adds PivotGlobalizationSettings.GetNameOfDataField() method.**

Gets local name of pivot data field. 

### **Adds ListObject.RemoveAutoFilter() method.**

Removes auto filter from the table.

### **Adds ListObject.HasAutoFilter property and obsoletes ListObject.Filter() method.**

Use ListObject.HasAutoFilter property instead.

### **Obsoletes Top10Filter.Criteria property.**

Please ignore this property. It's a cached temporary value.

### **Adds Worksheet.Filter(CellArea) method.**

Applies auto filter to the range.

### **Removes obsoleted PivotField.SxRng property.**

Use PivotField.GroupSettings property instead.

### **Adds ImportTableOptions.Styles property.**

Sets the styles for the columns of the table.

### **Adds MultipleFilterCollection.Add() method.**

Adds DateTime item for multi filters.

### **Obsoletes FilterColumn.Filter property and adds FilterColumn.MultipleFilters, CustomFilters, ColorFilter,DynamicFilter,IconFilter,Top10Filter properties.**

Please obtain the corresponding filter based on the type.

### **Adds MarkdownSaveOptions.OfficeMathOutputType property.**

Indicates how to export Equations to Markdown.

### **Adds HtmlLayoutMode enum and HtmlSaveOptions.LayoutMode property.**

Represents the layout mode for HTML rendering.

### **Adds Config.AutoFitRowsHeightOnLoad property in GridJs.**

Indicates whether to autofit rows height  when loading the file,the default value is false.

### **Adds GridJsOptions.AutoFitRowsHeightOnLoad property in GridJs.**

Indicates whether to autofit rows height  when loading the file,the default value is false.

### **Adds ChartDataValue class.**

Encapsulates chart data value.

### **Adds Series.PointValues property.**

Represents the actual values that are used to plot every point in the chart. When Series.Values is a link, you can use this attribute to get specific data.

### **Adds Series.CategoryValues property.**

Represents the actual category values that are used in the chart. When Series.XValues is a link, you can use this attribute to get specific data.

### **Removes ChartType.RadialHistogram.**

This is a chart type that does not exist in Excel, which may cause errors.

### **Adds HtmlSaveOptions.ExportNamedRangeAnchors property.**

Indicates whether to export anchor elements  for named ranges when saving as HTML.

### **Adds DataBarRenderMode enum and HtmlSaveOptions.DataBarRenderMode property.**

Represents the mode  of how to render DataBar when converting Excel files to html files.

### **Adds ShapeCollection.AddLaTeXEquation method.**

Adds an equation object to the worksheet using LaTeX format strings.

