---
id: "aspose-cells-for-php-via-java-26-1-release-notes"
slug: "aspose-cells-for-php-via-java-26-1-release-notes"
linktitle: "Aspose.Cells for PHP via Java 26.1 Release Notes"
title: "Aspose.Cells for PHP via Java 26.1 Release Notes"
weight: 12
description: "Aspose.Cells for PHP via Java 26.1 Release Notes – the latest enhancements, new features, and fixes."
type: "repository"
layout: "release"
family_listing_page_title: "Aspose.Cells for PHP via Java 26.1 Release Notes"
keywords: "Aspose.Cells for PHP via Java 26.1 Release Notes, Aspose.Cells for PHP via Java 26.1 updates and fixes"
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes for [Aspose.Cells for PHP via Java 26.1](https://releases.aspose.com/cells/php/new-releases/aspose.cells-for-php-via-java-26.1/).

{{% /alert %}}

|**Key**|**Summary**|**Category**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|CELLSJAVA-46535|Could not handle JSON array as Single cell for Smart Markers in CSV/XLSX using Aspose.Cells|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46537|Support smart expression as variable of another smart expression|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46530|Horizontal smart marker parameter does not shift right smart marker.|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46534|Unsupported token for Array when using if condition in smart markers|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46539|Invalid detail sheet if smart detail worksheet is not the first|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46540|Process the smart markers after smart detail worksheet|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46541|Null Exception is thrown if DetailSheetNewName is omitted|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46572|Support PERCENTOF function|New Feature
|CELLSJAVA-46556|Support AES-128 for pdf encryption|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46576|Support xref stream in the generated pdf|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46561|The data bars are missing when the HTML file (generated by Aspose.Cells) is inserted into an empty Word document via Aspose.Words for Java|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46562|Exception occurred when saving file to html and calling formula calculation|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46573|CellsException occurs when saving file to pdf|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46550|Exception "The custom criteria of auto filter could not be null" when loading the saved SpreadsheetML file via Aspose.Cells' object model|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46559|Loading the converted SpreadsheetML file causes an exception "Invalid column index"|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46581|Support smart expression as variable of another smart expression|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46575|Implement JSON arrays with personalized styles to single cell in Smart Markers|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46595|Support embedded image of XLS for WPS compatibility|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46596|Support converting the embedded image from xls to xlsx|Bug

## **Public API and Backwards Incompatible Changes**

The following is a list of any changes made to the public API such as added, renamed, removed or deprecated members as well as any non-backward compatible change made to Aspose.Cells for Java. If you have concerns about any change listed, please raise it on the Aspose.Cells support forum.

### **Adds PivotField.IsValuesField property and obsoletes PivotField.IsValueFields property.**

Use PivotField.IsValuesField property instead.

### **Adds PivotTable.ValuesField property and obsoletes PivotTable.DataField property.**

Use PivotTable.ValuesField property instead.

### **Adds CustomProperty.BinaryValue property.**

Gets the binary value of worksheet custom property.

### **Adds PivotGlobalizationSettings.GetNameOfDataField() method.**

Gets local name of pivot data field. 

### **Adds ListObject.RemoveAutoFilter() method.**

Removes auto filter from the table.

### **Adds ListObject.HasAutoFilter property and obsoletes ListObject.Filter() method.**

Use ListObject.HasAutoFilter property instead.

### **Obsoletes Top10Filter.Criteria property.**

Please ignore this property. It's a cached temporary value.

### **Adds Worksheet.Filter(CellArea) method.**

Applies auto filter to the range.

### **Removes obsoleted PivotField.SxRng property.**

Use PivotField.GroupSettings property instead.

### **Adds ImportTableOptions.Styles property.**

Sets the styles for the columns of the table.

### **Adds MultipleFilterCollection.Add() method.**

Adds DateTime item for multi filters.

### **Obsoletes FilterColumn.Filter property and adds FilterColumn.MultipleFilters, CustomFilters, ColorFilter,DynamicFilter,IconFilter,Top10Filter properties.**

Please obtain the corresponding filter based on the type.

### **Adds MarkdownSaveOptions.OfficeMathOutputType property.**

Indicates how to export Equations to Markdown.

### **Adds HtmlLayoutMode enum and HtmlSaveOptions.LayoutMode property.**

Represents the layout mode for HTML rendering.

### **Adds Config.AutoFitRowsHeightOnLoad property in GridJs.**

Indicates whether to autofit rows height  when loading the file,the default value is false.

### **Adds GridJsOptions.AutoFitRowsHeightOnLoad property in GridJs.**

Indicates whether to autofit rows height  when loading the file,the default value is false.

### **Adds ChartDataValue class.**

Encapsulates chart data value.

### **Adds Series.PointValues property.**

Represents the actual values that are used to plot every point in the chart. When Series.Values is a link, you can use this attribute to get specific data.

### **Adds Series.CategoryValues property.**

Represents the actual category values that are used in the chart. When Series.XValues is a link, you can use this attribute to get specific data.

### **Removes ChartType.RadialHistogram.**

This is a chart type that does not exist in Excel, which may cause errors.

### **Adds HtmlSaveOptions.ExportNamedRangeAnchors property.**

Indicates whether to export anchor elements  for named ranges when saving as HTML.

### **Adds DataBarRenderMode enum and HtmlSaveOptions.DataBarRenderMode property.**

Represents the mode  of how to render DataBar when converting Excel files to html files.

### **Adds ShapeCollection.AddLaTeXEquation method.**

Adds an equation object to the worksheet using LaTeX format strings.

### **Obsoletes RangeCollection.Add(Range) method and adds AddRange(Range) method.**

Use RangeCollection.AddRange(Range) instead.

### **Obsoletes PivotAreaCollection.Add(PivotArea) method and adds AddPivotArea(PivotArea) method.**

Use PivotAreaCollection.AddPivotArea(PivotArea) instead.

### **Obsoletes HtmlTableLoadOptionCollection.Add(HtmlTableLoadOption) method and adds AddTableLoadOption(HtmlTableLoadOption) method.**

Use HtmlTableLoadOptionCollection.AddTableLoadOption(HtmlTableLoadOption) instead.

### **Obsoletes ConditionalFormattingIconCollection.Add(ConditionalFormattingIcon cficon) method.**

Use ConditionalFormattingIconCollection.Add(IconSetType, int) instead.

### **Obsoletes SparklineCollection.Remove(Object) method and adds RemoveSparkline(Sparkline) method.**

Use SparklineCollection.RemoveSparkline(Sparkline) instead.

### **Removes setters for the indexer of collections: GradientStopCollection, ConnectionParameterCollection, ExternalConnectionCollection.**

There should be no scenario or requirement for user to set the item directly and such kind of operation may cause issue. Once it is needed to update existing item, we will provide new apis to support such kind of operation.

### **Adds new property TextOptions.IsNormalizeHeights.**

Indicates whether the normalization of heights should be applied to the text run.

### **Adds new property TextOptions.CapsType.**

Gets or sets the text caps type for the text run.

### **Obsoletes Font.CapsType property.**

Please use TextOptions.CapsType instead.

### **Obsoletes Font.IsNormalizeHeights.**

Please use TextOptions.IsNormalizeHeights instead.

### **Adds new method Font.SetName(String name, FontSchemeType type).**

Sets the font name with a specific scheme type.

### **Adds new property HtmlLoadOptions.DetectLaTeX.**

Indicates whether to detect LaTeX formulas in the HTML file.

### **Adds new property WorkbookSettings.WpsCompatibility.**

Indicates whether to be compatible with WPS.

### **Obsoletes OoxmlSaveOptions.WpsCompatibility.**

Please use WorkbookSettings.WpsCompatibility instead.

### **Adds new property PasteOptions.ShiftFormulasOfShapes.**

Indicates whether to shift formulas of shapes when copying ranges.

### **Adds new methods GetMaxValue() and GetMinValue() for PivotField.**

Returns the maximum and minimum values of the pivot field.

### **Adds new property PivotTableRefreshOption.IsKeepOriginalOrder.**

Indicates whether to keep pivot items' original order as in the old data source.

### **Adds new enum ItemsWithNoDataShowMode.**

Specifies how items with no data are shown in a slicer.

### **Adds new properties to Slicer:**

- **SortOrderType** – Indicates the type of sorting items.
- **ShowMissing** – Indicates whether to show items deleted from the data source.
- **ShowTypeOfItemsWithNoData** – Controls how items with no data are displayed.
- **ShowAllItems** - Indicates whether to show all items even if there is no data.
- **ShowCaption** – Indicates whether the slicer header is visible.
- **FirstItemIndex** – Specifies the zero based index of the first slicer item.
- **Worksheet** – Returns the worksheet that contains the slicer (replaces the obsolete **Parent** property).

### **Obsoletes the following Slicer members:**

- **Title** – Use **Shape.Title** instead.
- **AlternativeText** – Use **Shape.AlternativeText** instead.
- **IsPrintable** – Use **Shape.IsPrintable** instead.
- **IsLocked** – Use **Shape.IsLocked** instead.
- **Placement** – Use **Shape.Placement** instead.
- **LockedAspectRatio** – Use **Shape.IsLockAspectRatio** property instead.
- **CaptionVisible** – Use **Slicer.ShowCaption** instead.
- **Parent** – Replaced by **Slicer.Worksheet** property.

### **Obsoletes enum SlicerCacheCrossFilterType.**

Please useItemsWithNoDataShowMode enum instead.

### **Adds new properties to Timeline:**

- **ShowHeader**– Indicates whether to display the header.
- **ShowSelectionLabel** – Indicates whether to display the selection label.
- **ShowTimeLevel** – Indicates whether to display the time level.
- **ShowHorizontalScrollbar** – Indicates whether to display the horizontal scroll bar.
- **StartDate** – Gets or sets the start date of the timespan scrolling position.
- **CurrentLevel** – Gets or sets the current time level.
- **SelectionLevel** – Gets or sets the time level at which the current selection was made for the Timeline.

### **Adds new enum TimelineLevelType.**

Defines the level types (Year, Quarter, Month, Day) for timelines.

### **Deletes enum SlicerCacheItemSortType.**

Removes enum SlicerCacheItemSortType.

### **Adds overrided PivotField.GroupBy() methods.**

Group pivot field with auto detecting max and min value.
