---
id: "aspose-cells-for-android-via-java-25-12-release-notes"
slug: "aspose-cells-for-android-via-java-25-12-release-notes"
linktitle: "Aspose.Cells for Android via Java 25.12 Release Notes"
title: "Aspose.Cells for Android via Java 25.12 Release Notes"
weight: 1
description: "Aspose.Cells for Android via Java 25.12 Release Notes - the latest updates and fixes."
type: "repository"
layout: "release"
family_listing_page_title: "Aspose.Cells for Android via Java 25.12 Release Notes"
keywords: "Aspose.Cells for Android via Java 25.12 Release Notes, Aspose.Cells for Android via Java 25.12 updates and fixes"
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}} 

This page contains release notes for Aspose.Cells for Android via Java 25.12.

{{% /alert %}} 

|**Key**|**Summary**|**Category**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|CELLSJAVA-46572|Support PERCENTOF function|New Feature
|CELLSJAVA-46502|Support filtering by nephew conditional smart marker.|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46535|Could not handle JSON array as Single cell for Smart Markers in CSV/XLSX using Aspose.Cells|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46537|Support smart expression as variable of another smart expression|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46556|Support AES-128 for pdf encryption|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-46576|Support xref stream in the generated pdf|Enhancement
|CELLSJAVA-43065|Proportion issue for group of picture|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-45909|Image distorted in Excel to pdf transformation|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46483|Incorrect conditional formatting when saving file to pdf|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46484|Issue with missing cell border when hiding rows in Excel template|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46495|The original data in the template has been overwritten when multiple ranges are placed in the same column|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46496|Font is wrong when converting Excel file to HTML|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46498|The stacked bar type can not be set for series when adding a combined chart|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46503|"horizontal" parameter of Smart Markers is not working as per expectation when using with specific array in JSON data|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46504|Empty rows are inserted into legend table when using the range parameter in smart marker|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46506|Borders are not copied after insertColumns starting from 25.6 |Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46507|Cells.copyColumns results in incomplete formatting|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46508|Issues with processing variables expressions in Smart Markers|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46511|Smart marker with nested objects (map / list) fails to work with horizontal parameter |Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46514|Pivot refresh removes a pivot field from axes|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46530|Horizontal smart marker parameter does not shift right smart marker.|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46534|Unsupported token for Array when using if condition in smart markers|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46539|Invalid detail sheet if smart detail worksheet is not the first|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46540|Process the smart markers after smart detail worksheet|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46561|The data bars are missing when the HTML file (generated by Aspose.Cells) is inserted into an empty Word document via Aspose.Words for Java|Bug
|CELLSJAVA-46513|java.lang.NullPointerException occurs when processing "IF" in smart markers|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46541|Null Exception is thrown if DetailSheetNewName is omitted|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46562|Exception occurred when saving file to html and calling formula calculation|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46573|CellsException occurs when saving file to pdf|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46550|Exception "The custom criteria of auto filter could not be null" when loading the saved SpreadsheetML file via Aspose.Cells' object model|Exception
|CELLSJAVA-46559|Loading the converted SpreadsheetML file causes an exception "Invalid column index"|Exception

## **Public API and Backwards Incompatible Changes**

The following is a list of any changes made to the public API such as added, renamed, removed or deprecated members as well as any non-backward compatible change made to Aspose.Cells for Android via Java. If you have concerns about any change listed, please raise it on the Aspose.Cells support forum.

### **Changes behavior of Workbook.CalculateFormula(...) methods for refreshing dynamic array formulas.**

Dynamic array formulas are becoming more and more popular in more and more users' cases. Old versions of Aspose.Cells required users to call Workbook.RefreshDynamicArrayFormulas(...) explicitly before calling Workbook.CalculateFormula() if there are dynamic array formulas that need to be refreshed. Starting from 25.10, we include this step into Workbook.CalculateFormula(...) automatically. So users do not need to explicitly call Workbook.RefreshDynamicArrayFormulas(...) anymore before calculating formulas for the workbook.

### **Adds property RefreshDynamicArrayFormula for CalculationOptions.**

Indicates whether dynamic array formulas in a workbook should be refreshed automatically when using this CalculationOptions to calculate formulas.

### **Adds property UserSpecifiedRefreshDynamicArrayFormula for CalculationOptions.**

Indicates whether user has specified CalculationOptions.RefreshDynamicArrayFormula property explicitly. If true, then use the specified value to determine whether to refresh dynamic array formulas. If false, whether refresh dynamic array formulas depends on what kind of formulas need to be calculated with this CalculationOptions. If it is to calculate formulas for the whole workbook, then dynamic array formulas will be refreshed automatically. If it is to calculate formulas for one cell or worksheet, then dynamic array formulas will not be refreshed.

### **Adds SignificantDigitsType enum.**

Represents the type of significant digits for outputting numeric values.

### **Adds SignificantDigitsType property for WorkbookSettings and CellsHelper.**

Indicates how to control the significant digits when outputing numeric values.

### **Obsoletes SignificantDigits property of WorkbookSettings and CellsHelper.**

Uses SignificantDigitsType instead.

### **Adds property SplitTablesByBlankRow for MarkdownSaveOptions.**

Indicates whether blank rows in the worksheet should be treated as table separators when exporting to Markdown.

### **Adds property WorkbookSettings.MaxUniqueItemsPerField.**

Represents the limitation of unique items per pivot field.

### **Adds PivotField.IsValuesField property and obsoletes PivotField.IsValueFields property.**

Use PivotField.IsValuesField property instead.

### **Adds PivotTable.ValuesField property and obsoletes PivotTable.DataField property.**

Use PivotTable.ValuesField property instead.

### **Adds CustomProperty.BinaryValue property.**

Gets the binary value of worksheet custom property.

### **Adds PivotGlobalizationSettings.GetNameOfDataField() method.**

Gets local name of pivot data field. 

### **Adds ListObject.RemoveAutoFilter() method.**

Removes auto filter from the table.

### **Adds ListObject.HasAutoFilter property and obsoletes ListObject.Filter() method.**

Use ListObject.HasAutoFilter property instead.

### **Obsoletes Top10Filter.Criteria property.**

Please ignore this property. It's a cached temporary value.

### **Adds Worksheet.Filter(CellArea) method.**

Applies auto filter to the range.

### **Removes obsoleted PivotField.SxRng property.**

Use PivotField.GroupSettings property instead.

### **Adds ImportTableOptions.Styles property.**

Sets the styles for the columns of the table.

### **Adds MultipleFilterCollection.Add() method.**

Adds DateTime item for multi filters.

### **Obsoletes FilterColumn.Filter property and adds FilterColumn.MultipleFilters, CustomFilters, ColorFilter,DynamicFilter,IconFilter,Top10Filter properties.**

Please obtain the corresponding filter based on the type.

### **Adds MarkdownSaveOptions.OfficeMathOutputType property.**

Indicates how to export Equations to Markdown.

### **Adds HtmlLayoutMode enum and HtmlSaveOptions.LayoutMode property.**

Represents the layout mode for HTML rendering.

### **Adds ChartDataValue class.**

Encapsulates chart data value.

### **Adds Series.PointValues property.**

Represents the actual values that are used to plot every point in the chart. When Series.Values is a link, you can use this attribute to get specific data.

### **Adds Series.CategoryValues property.**

Represents the actual category values that are used in the chart. When Series.XValues is a link, you can use this attribute to get specific data.

### **Removes ChartType.RadialHistogram.**

This is a chart type that does not exist in Excel, which may cause errors.

### **Adds HtmlSaveOptions.ExportNamedRangeAnchors property.**

Indicates whether to export anchor elements  for named ranges when saving as HTML.

### **Adds DataBarRenderMode enum and HtmlSaveOptions.DataBarRenderMode property.**

Represents the mode  of how to render DataBar when converting Excel files to html files.

### **Adds ShapeCollection.AddLaTeXEquation method.**

Adds an equation object to the worksheet using LaTeX format strings.

